Add install and build instructions (#10)
echemdb/rawtofigure: README.md

# RawToFigure

> Raw to figure describes echemdbs' approaches towards research data management (RDM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raw to figure describes echemdb's approaches towards research data management (RDM).
```

## Contribute

> If you want to modify rawtofigures' content itself, get a copy of the latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to modify rawtofigure's content itself, get a copy of the latest
```

unreleased version of this repository:

```sh

> git clone https://github.com/echemdb/unitpackage.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/echemdb/rawtofigure.git
```

```

> Move to the directory and install the dependencies with, i.e., `conda` or `mamba`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the directory and install the dependencies with
```

I guess you meant `e.g.` here but anyway, just stating the command is probably easier.

```sh
conda env create --file environment.yaml
conda activate rawtofigure
```

To build the page locally, run

```sh
jb build mybookname/
```

<!--**Note:** The build requires internet access, since data is pulled from
external repositories to evaluate the documentation content.-->

> The generated files are locatd in `rtfbook/_build/html` and can be browsed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated files are located in `rtfbook/_build/html` and can be browsed
```
